Add fastqc module (#4)
stjude-dnb-binfcore/sc-rna-seq-snap-10x-Flex: analyses/fastqc-analysis/README.md

For example:

| ID | SAMPLE | FASTQ | 
:----------|:----------|:----------|
| DYE001 | seq_submission_code1_sample1 | /absolute_path/seq_submission_code1/replicate1,/absolute_path/seq_submission_code1/replicate2 | 

FastQC module will automatically identify if there are multiple replicates and assign a `rep` value, analyze them separately and name the output files appropriately as: `_rep${rep}_fastqc.html` and `_rep${rep}_fastqc.zip`. There is no need to manually combine or rename the files—just list them correctly, and the pipeline takes care of the rest.

### Run module on an interactive session on HPC within the container

To run the script on an interactive session on HPC, please run the following command from an interactive compute node (while within the container):

```
bash run-fastqc-analysis.sh
```

### Run module by using lsf on HPC with the container

There is also the option to run a lsf job on the HPC cluster by using the following command on an HPC node:

```
bsub < lsf-script.txt
```

## Folder content
This folder contains a script tasked to run FastQC quality control tool for all libraries across the project.

> Each libary directory contains the following files:
> - I1 is the 8 bp sample barcode, 
> - R1 is the 16bp feature barcode + 10 bp UMI, and 
> - R2 is the reads mapped to the transcriptome.

Reviewer: This is minor because it does not impact which file is correct to run fastqc on, but (at least for multiplexed 10x Flex samples), there are some differences in what is contained in the sequences in each of these files. For example, if you look at page 24 of this [10x documentation](https://cdn.10xgenomics.com/image/upload/v1744998428/support-documents/CG000787_GEM-X_Flex_MultiplexedSamples_UserGuide_Rev_B.pdf), the UMIs are 12 bp. And it seems that R2 contains the transcript sequences captured by the probes, but also the probe barcode and a constant sequence, which I think could potentially be useful info for users to know when looking at the fastqc results. Maybe an edit similar to this, could make it a bit more clear:

  ```suggestion
Each libary directory contains the following files:
- I1 is the 8 bp sample barcode, 
- R1 contains the 16bp 10x GEM barcode + 12 bp UMI, and 
- R2 contains the transcriptomic sequence + 8 bp probe barcode + constant sequence.
```

Author: Thank you for catching this. I updated accordingly, see 4e8aacc3a156d7235f65ead925453181034b48ec.
